The Joe Rogan experience for sure in boxing too.
Yeah.
You know in boxing it used to be thought that you pretty much,
you know,
if you went to a good trainer they would teach you to keep your hands up.
Those always the way to box,
but then you get to a level of like a Tommy Hearns.
Remember the way Tommy Hearns used to fight?
He used to keep his left hand low,
really low down in the side hand cocked and he would snap that left hand at you
like a fucking like us.
Colebra man is crap motor city Cobra.
He would just pop that fucker right in your face.
That's why they used to call them that because it was coming out of fucking
nowhere.
Hitman,
Tommy Hearns,
he was a bad mother fucker dude.
And then he would hit you with that right hand and he had so much torque as he
was a really wide,
he was really long and wide for a welterweight manly.
Look at him at 147 pounds.
I think he was probably like six two and just shred it,
hijacked and just crying.
And 47 at six two is lightweight champ.
You're see what he looked like when he fought sugar ray Leonard.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
And then he went up to one 16 foot Hagler and got code by Hagler and a crazy
slugfest.
You never saw that.
Fine.
Pull up Marvin Hagler versus Thomas Hearns.
This might've been the great,
I think it went two rounds,
but it might've been the greatest two rounds in the history of the middle weight
division because these two guys were super skilled.
I mean,
Marvin Hagler was a brilliant technical boxer,
can switch from south pod orthodox like fluidly.
Like you,
you didn't even notice a difference.
He fought just as good from both sides and he knocked everybody out and an iron
chin.
And Tommy Hearns was mark and motherfuckers.
He merch,
Roberto Duran with one punch.
It's blocked face planted on fucking one punch,
man.
He's,
he stung him with one shot and the,
let me let them see that first.
Here's the buildup.
The buildup is Tommy Hearns.
[inaudible] Roberto Duran.
Let's watch that first and then we're going to go back to Marvin Hagler versus
Tommy Hearns.
So you get a feel for what it was like to be able to switch up.
Their stances is so crazy to me to be able to do that so fluidly.
That will,
that's one of the brilliant things about Hagler.
I mean he was just so good at that and he could buy,
it's weird for a guy when you're used to,
I remember the first time I fought a guy who was left handed.
It was super confusing.
Everything's coming from the wrong place.
Everything was like reversed.
You got to get used to it.
You don't see it as often.
Right?
So if you don't see it as often and sometimes it's more effective,
but some guys were really good against southpaws.
Some guys have like a lightening right hand and that was one of the speculations
about Hagler and Hearns cause Hearns had this lightening right hand and Hagler
oftentimes fought south part.
And that's the counter for south,
Huh?
Is A,
is a straight right.
Now Watch this though.
This is just goes to show you how God look how big he is too.
[inaudible]
he's playing that again.
Look at this.
Oh,
come on,
man.
When Tommy Hearns Merck people,
he marked people and you've got to understand,
man,
he did this to Roberto Duran.
That's fast in slow motion too.
And he was so fast,
fast,
even in fucking slow motion.
He was so fast and he hits so hard,
but now you've got gotta watch this,
and this is Hagler in his prime.
He was 30 years old who was the undisputed mother fucking middleweight champion
of the world,
and most people thought he was the best pound for pound fighter on earth.
And Tommy Hearns of course you just saw what he did to Roberto Duran and it was
a lot of speculation,
a lot of speculation coming into this fight.
And they just went at it from the beginning of the round.
There was very little Philips,
just constant pressure by Hagler,
right?
Hooks,
boom,
boom.
We look at this bro.
They,
they're going to war.
These are two of the best fucking middleweights ever,
and they're standing in front of each other going to war,
and it doesn't feel like anybody's faced.
It feels like there's,
it feels like they're at the exact same energy level too.
Oh Dude.
Like both of them are,
they have the same output look fucking crazy fight Matt.
They were for throwing full power shots from the moment the fight started and
they right in front of each other man.
And for Hearns this,
this negates is gigantic reach advantage over almost everybody.
Yeah.
So Hearns decided to fight this way.
He decided to stand right and look at him.
The referee can barely separated them.
Hers decided to stand right in front of Hagler and haggard decided to have right
in front of her aunts and they just,
and now Hearns is moving.
See now this is what Hearns could have done from the beginning and made it
interesting.
Sticking and moving.
But by the time he decided to do that,
he was already touched up and Marvin starts moving in for the kill that left
hand to the body.
And Hagler was relentless in his cardio was fucking supreme.
It was supreme.
He always put pressure on people and you couldn't hurt him.
He only had one bullshit knocked down his entire career as a bullshit knockdown.
He fought,
I think it was one role,
Dan and won role.
Dan kind of like,
it was more like a shove and maybe maybe they tripped or something like that and
the referee called it a down.
But I remember thinking,
God dammit,
cause Hagler had a weird thing that he was either born with or developed.
He had giant muscles on the side of his head.
Like he buys temple's torn with headgear.
I'm not bullshitting.
They had them animal with a helmet on.
This was like a big thing in the world of sports back in the day like that.
He was literally almost born for this.
That's how good Hagler was.
Yeah.
These motherfuckers are really,
I mean it's relentless dude.
They're,
they're towed up every time it's up there,
barely looking for any distance between each other.
And you've got to realize,
man,
this is not how people usually fight.
They don't throw full power shots every shot.
I mean they'd be tired within 15 seconds.
These guys are just going at it.
So I think this was like almost like a game of chicken.
Like both of them knew they were never going to reach the 12th round.
Right.
So they said,
fuck it,
let's just do this.
And haggard just stood right in front of them,
constantly blast and them.
And you see at the end of the first round,
Hearns is wilting.
He just does not have the power or the speed or the movement.
See,
he's all goofy.
Yeah,
he's sloppy out,
exhausted.
He's exhausted.
But still the warrior in him is making him throw these fucking bombs,
man,
you've,
you got to realize like at the time of no one really knew what the fuck was
going to happen in this fight.
And then Hagler heard them.
Yeah.
There's a little stumble in one of one of hagglers incredible attributes besides
the skill was his determination to win.
Man,
he was just ferocious competitor,
man.
Just ferocious.
And so if someone was willing to engage him in this kind of crazy fight,
we're going to stand toe to toe and see who's the bigger man.
Oh my God,
everyone's going to die.
[inaudible]
AG is going to take you to the end of the earth man to the end of the earth.
I mean,
haggler just looked like he just had,
it's still so much left in the tank.
Even at the end of the first rounds,
we can do this for years.
He's never out of shape.
He never partied.
He never did anything stupid.
He didn't want any nomination.
No,
never got fat.
No drugs,
no alcohol,
no nothing.
No.
And how about this?
Retired after the sugar ray Leonard fight lost a controversial decisions.
Sugaring Leonard that to this day,
I think he won.
And then,
but it was a close fight,
but and then just retired and became a fucking movie star in Italy.
That's fucking wild.
Love Dot Chi.
Yeah,
but that's the way to do it.
How kind of go out of the good prime and then just say goodnight.
Nobody else did it like him,
man.
Nobody else did it.
Like,
yeah,
that's the,
you heard him now he's just moving in for the kill.
You're moving in for the kill now he's taking his time.
Yeah.
So now it's just nice and relaxed.
This is inevitable.
Now,
Marvin is just moving in and decide and when he's going to uncork,
when he's going to uncork moving in,
blocking these shots,
he knows it.
Hearns is hurt and he starts teeing them up.
Dan Chan and hurts is try to move down.
See now that's how I thought Hearns was going to fight and Mo,
most people thought he was going to fight from the beginning.
Like that just moved from the outside.
Staying up from the outside like that.
I mean that's,
that's classic Thomas Hearns but the warrior in him wanting to find out,
you know,
you want to find out who's the baddest motherfucker in town,
who is it?
You know,
you could fit you and you can feel him backing up.
Kind of.
He knows what's kind of,
it's almost like he knows what's coming.
He's getting in some good shots.
Even that he's,
you know,
creating distance.
But even still,
it just doesn't feel like he's balanced and Hagler stand right there of them.
He's hurting them now.
Haggler standing right in front of him when he is touching him,
but he's,
he just doesn't have the pop anymore.
You know what it's like when you're working out and at the end of the workout
you're fucking exhausted and you could barely do one rep.
That's what happens with your arms when you're fighting.
There's just,
they just,
there's nothing left.
There's nothing left.
It's not like,
you know,
he's doing this on purpose.
Right.
He's,
he doesn't have it.
There's no gas in his arms.
Like his arms are completely flooded right now.
Like all the blood in them and every,
it's just,
they're not recovering.
It's a horrible feeling to he swinging though.
Look,
he swinging,
but it's way slower than it was in the first round.
Right.
His snap snap was so much quicker in the first round and now he's,
now he's not following through a little bit.
Exactly.
He's trying to conserve energy.
You realize that you can't do this forever.
He's exhausted,
but they both look like they're fucking at that one.
That little breaking point where it's about to be either,
I'm telling you it,
even though he might,
it might look like that because it is a fast pace.
He could do this for years.
She's just take you to do this for years.
He just didn't get tired,
man,
and you couldn't hurt him was crazy.
He fought a dude named John the beast.
Mugabi and John the piecemeal.
Gabi was fucking terrifying people,
man.
He starts Terry Norris.
He starts to a bunch of dudes.
He was a heavy puncher,
heavy puncher and Hagler stood right in front of them and he got caught with one
big upper cut and it didn't even budge.
Upper cuts that were like Merkin people didn't even,
he didn't even flinch.
So what round was it?
Is it the third round?
The beginning of the 30th that's third row.
Here's the third round right here.
This just shows you how fucking tough Tommy Hearns was.
I mean,
those two rounds were just fucking knock down.
Drag out relent.
Yeah,
just nonstop.
But towards the end you clearly see Hagos coming on.
I mean,
he looks good,
and he's pacing himself.
Now it's just,
just moving forward,
throwing shots.
But yeah.
Hearns is exhausted,
man.
It's fucking rough,
There it is.
Boom,
boom,
boom.
I'm just trying to keep trying to keep them right.
He's having a hard time breathing though,
man.
I mean he's exhausted.
See that big deep breath.
You take that big side.
It's almost like not uh oh,
somebody lost them.
Miles piece I think.
Is that what it was?
He called his time.
Yeah.
I think that's what happened.
I don't know man.
It's hard to tell.
It's really blurry for,
it's just going to say Matt is two two 40 p was weird back then.
How it look normal to us back then.
Your eyes knew how to handle it,
right?
Well,
you were just excited that you could see the fight.
Right.
You know,
but this was,
it was,
I wonder if this is what it looks like when it's on Hbo.
Had to been.
I look a little better on those TVs.
Do you know Hbo just canceled boxing?
They don't have boxing anymore at all.
At all.
Just paper view.
Now they don't even do paper view.
They're out of the boxing business.
What?
Yeah,
in that crazy.
So they'll never [inaudible] is right here.
Oh,
oh and he's moving.
Boom,
right hand.
Oh,
it's done set.
He knew it.
Damn.
Dance it.
Third round gone.
I always miss this.
I always think it's the second round.
For some reason.
I think we've actually gone over this before,
but third round.
Yeah man.
But I don't have boxing anymore.
HBS got out of the boxing business.
What do you think that's because of it's not earning enough money anymore?
I don't know.
It makes me sad though.
They had some of the greatest boxing telecast of all time.
I mean that was what you would do.
You'd go,
if a big fight was on Bernard Hopkins was on,
a lot of the times it was on HBO and it was on paper view,
then you knew it was going to be on HP or the following week.
Right.
So even if you couldn't afford the pay per view,
you could see the hang in there a week later.
You knew who won,
but you could watch the fight on HBO.